# advancedgenetics 1.5.9
version:1.7
modname:advancedgenetics


cfgfile:config/advancedgenetics.cfg


texturepath:assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/
texture:id=advancedgenetics/autoscraper_front,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/autoscraper_front.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/centrifuge,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/centrifuge.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/combustiongenerator,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/combustiongenerator.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/combustiongeneratoridle,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/combustiongeneratoridle.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnaanalyser,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnaanalyser.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnaautosplitter,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnaautosplitter.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnabreeder,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnabreeder.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnacombiner,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnacombiner.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnaencoder,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnaencoder.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnaextractor,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnaextractor.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnainsulator,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnainsulator.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnaremover,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnaremover.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnasplitter,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnasplitter.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/dnatransmutator,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/dnatransmutator.png
texture:id=advancedgenetics/machine_side,filename=assets/advancedgenetics/textures/blocks/machine_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/glass,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/glass.png
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png



# %dnaanalyser:* (dnaanalyser), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNAAnalyser
block:id=%dnaanalyser,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnaanalyser,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaanalyser,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnaanalyser,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaanalyser,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnaanalyser,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaanalyser,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnaanalyser,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaanalyser,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnaanalyser,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaanalyser,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnaanalyser
block:id=%dnaanalyser,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnaextractor:* (dnaextractor), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNAExtractor
block:id=%dnaextractor,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnaextractor,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaextractor,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnaextractor,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaextractor,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnaextractor,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaextractor,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnaextractor,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaextractor,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnaextractor,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaextractor,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnaextractor
block:id=%dnaextractor,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnaencoder:* (dnaencoder), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNAEncoder
block:id=%dnaencoder,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnaencoder,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaencoder,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnaencoder,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaencoder,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnaencoder,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaencoder,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnaencoder,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaencoder,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnaencoder,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaencoder,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnaencoder
block:id=%dnaencoder,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnasplitter:* (dnasplitter), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNASplitter
block:id=%dnasplitter,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnasplitter,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnasplitter,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnasplitter,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnasplitter,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnasplitter,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnasplitter,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnasplitter,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnasplitter,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnasplitter,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnasplitter,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnasplitter
block:id=%dnasplitter,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnabreeder:* (dnabreeder), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNABreeder
block:id=%dnabreeder,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnabreeder,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnabreeder,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnabreeder,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnabreeder,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnabreeder,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnabreeder,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnabreeder,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnabreeder,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnabreeder,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnabreeder,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnabreeder
block:id=%dnabreeder,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %centrifuge:* (centrifuge), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockCentrifuge
block:id=%centrifuge,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/centrifuge,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%centrifuge,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/centrifuge,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%centrifuge,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/centrifuge,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%centrifuge,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/centrifuge,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%centrifuge,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/centrifuge,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%centrifuge,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/centrifuge
block:id=%centrifuge,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnacombiner:* (dnacombiner), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNACombiner
block:id=%dnacombiner,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnacombiner,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnacombiner,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnacombiner,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnacombiner,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnacombiner,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnacombiner,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnacombiner,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnacombiner,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnacombiner,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnacombiner,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnacombiner
block:id=%dnacombiner,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnaremover:* (dnaremover), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNARemover
block:id=%dnaremover,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnaremover,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaremover,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnaremover,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaremover,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnaremover,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaremover,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnaremover,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaremover,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnaremover,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaremover,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnaremover
block:id=%dnaremover,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnatransmutator:* (dnatransmutator), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNATransmutator
block:id=%dnatransmutator,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnatransmutator,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnatransmutator,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnatransmutator,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnatransmutator,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnatransmutator,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnatransmutator,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnatransmutator,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnatransmutator,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnatransmutator,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnatransmutator,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnatransmutator
block:id=%dnatransmutator,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnaautosplitter:* (dnaautosplitter), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNAAutoSplitter
block:id=%dnaautosplitter,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnaautosplitter,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaautosplitter,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnaautosplitter,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaautosplitter,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnaautosplitter,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaautosplitter,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnaautosplitter,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaautosplitter,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnaautosplitter,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnaautosplitter,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnaautosplitter
block:id=%dnaautosplitter,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %combustiongenerator:* (combustiongenerator), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockCombustionGenerator
block:id=%combustiongenerator,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongenerator,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongenerator,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongenerator,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongenerator,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongenerator,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongenerator,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongenerator,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongenerator,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongenerator,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongenerator,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongenerator
block:id=%combustiongenerator,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %combustiongeneratoridle:* (combustiongeneratoridle), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockCombustionGenerator
block:id=%combustiongeneratoridle,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongeneratoridle,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongeneratoridle,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongeneratoridle,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongeneratoridle,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongeneratoridle,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongeneratoridle,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongeneratoridle,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongeneratoridle,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongeneratoridle,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%combustiongeneratoridle,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/combustiongeneratoridle
block:id=%combustiongeneratoridle,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %deathenderchest:* (deathenderchest), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDeathEnderchestRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDeathEnderchest
block:id=%deathenderchest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/obsidian

# %microscope:* (microscope), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockMicroscopeRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockMicroscope
block:id=%microscope,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %healcrystalblock:* (healcrystalblock), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockHealCrystal
block:id=%healcrystalblock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/glass

# %autoscraper:* (autoscraper), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockAutoScraper
block:id=%autoscraper,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/autoscraper_front,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%autoscraper,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/autoscraper_front,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%autoscraper,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/autoscraper_front,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%autoscraper,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/autoscraper_front,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%autoscraper,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/autoscraper_front,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%autoscraper,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/autoscraper_front
block:id=%autoscraper,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnainsulator:* (dnainsulator), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNARenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNAInsulator
block:id=%dnainsulator,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/dnainsulator,face1-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnainsulator,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face1=0:advancedgenetics/dnainsulator,face2-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnainsulator,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face2=0:advancedgenetics/dnainsulator,face3-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnainsulator,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face3=0:advancedgenetics/dnainsulator,face4-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnainsulator,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face4=0:advancedgenetics/dnainsulator,face5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side
block:id=%dnainsulator,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side,face5=0:advancedgenetics/dnainsulator
block:id=%dnainsulator,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %dnacloner:* (dnacloner), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockDNAClonerRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockDNACloner
block:id=%dnacloner,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:advancedgenetics/machine_side

# %homeostasistube:* (homeostasistube), render=com.advGenetics.Renderer.BlockHomeostasisTubeRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.advGenetics.Blocks.BlockHomeostasisTube
block:id=%homeostasistube,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block
