# AgriCraft 1.7.10-1.5.0
version:1.7
modname:AgriCraft



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=agricraft/cropAllium1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAllium1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAllium2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAllium2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAllium3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAllium3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAllium4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAllium4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAurigold1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAurigold1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAurigold2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAurigold2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAurigold3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAurigold3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAurigold4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAurigold4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBlack1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBlack2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBlack3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBlack4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBlue1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBlue2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBlue3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBlue4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBrown1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBrown2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBrown3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaBrown4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaCyan1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaCyan2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaCyan3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaCyan4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaGray1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaGray1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaGray2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaGray2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaGray3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaGray3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaGray4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaGray4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaGreen1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaGreen2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaGreen3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaGreen4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLightBlue1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLightBlue2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLightBlue3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLightBlue4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLightGray1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLightGray2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLightGray3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLightGray4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLime1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLime1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLime2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLime2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLime3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLime3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaLime4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaLime4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaMagenta1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaMagenta2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaMagenta3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaMagenta4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaOrange1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaOrange2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaOrange3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaOrange4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaPink1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaPink1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaPink2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaPink2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaPink3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaPink3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaPink4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaPink4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaPurple1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaPurple2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaPurple3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaPurple4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaRed1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaRed1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaRed2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaRed2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaRed3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaRed3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaRed4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaRed4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaWhite1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaWhite2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaWhite3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaWhite4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaYellow1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaYellow2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaYellow3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropBotaniaYellow4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCactus1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCactus1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCactus2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCactus2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCactus3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCactus3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCactus4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCactus4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCarrot1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCarrot1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCarrot2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCarrot2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCarrot3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCarrot3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCarrot4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCarrot4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCuprosia1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCuprosia1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCuprosia2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCuprosia2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCuprosia3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCuprosia3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCuprosia4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCuprosia4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDaisy1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDaisy1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDaisy2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDaisy2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDaisy3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDaisy3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDaisy4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDaisy4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDandelion1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDandelion1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDandelion2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDandelion2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDandelion3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDandelion3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDandelion4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDandelion4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDiamahlia1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDiamahlia1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDiamahlia2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDiamahlia2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDiamahlia3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDiamahlia3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDiamahlia4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDiamahlia4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropEmeryllis1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropEmeryllis1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropEmeryllis2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropEmeryllis2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropEmeryllis3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropEmeryllis3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropEmeryllis4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropEmeryllis4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropFerranium1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropFerranium1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropFerranium2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropFerranium2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropFerranium3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropFerranium3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropFerranium4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropFerranium4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropJaslumine1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropJaslumine1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropJaslumine2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropJaslumine2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropJaslumine3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropJaslumine3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropJaslumine4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropJaslumine4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropLapender1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropLapender1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropLapender2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropLapender2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropLapender3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropLapender3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropLapender4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropLapender4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropNiccissus1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropNiccissus1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropNiccissus2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropNiccissus2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropNiccissus3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropNiccissus3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropNiccissus4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropNiccissus4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropNitorWart1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropNitorWart1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropNitorWart2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropNitorWart2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropNitorWart3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropNitorWart3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropNitorWart4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropNitorWart4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOrchid1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOrchid1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOrchid2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOrchid2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOrchid3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOrchid3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOrchid4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOrchid4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOsmonium1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOsmonium1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOsmonium2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOsmonium2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOsmonium3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOsmonium3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOsmonium4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOsmonium4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPetinia1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPetinia1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPetinia2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPetinia2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPetinia3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPetinia3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPetinia4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPetinia4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPlatiolus1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPlatiolus1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPlatiolus2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPlatiolus2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPlatiolus3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPlatiolus3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPlatiolus4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPlatiolus4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPlombean1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPlombean1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPlombean2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPlombean2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPlombean3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPlombean3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPlombean4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPlombean4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPoppy1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPoppy1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPoppy2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPoppy2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPoppy3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPoppy3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPoppy4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPoppy4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPotato1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPotato1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPotato2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPotato2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPotato3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPotato3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPotato4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPotato4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropQuartzanthemum1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropQuartzanthemum2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropQuartzanthemum3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropQuartzanthemum4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropRedstodendron1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropRedstodendron1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropRedstodendron2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropRedstodendron2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropRedstodendron3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropRedstodendron3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropRedstodendron4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropRedstodendron4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomBrown1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomBrown1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomBrown2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomBrown2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomBrown3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomBrown3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomBrown4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomBrown4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomRed1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomRed1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomRed2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomRed2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomRed3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomRed3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomRed4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomRed4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSilverweed1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSilverweed1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSilverweed2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSilverweed2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSilverweed3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSilverweed3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSilverweed4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSilverweed4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSugarcane1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSugarcane1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSugarcane2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSugarcane2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSugarcane3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSugarcane3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSugarcane4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSugarcane4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipOrange1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipOrange1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipOrange2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipOrange2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipOrange3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipOrange3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipOrange4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipOrange4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipPink1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipPink1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipPink2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipPink2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipPink3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipPink3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipPink4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipPink4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipRed1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipRed1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipRed2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipRed2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipRed3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipRed3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipRed4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipRed4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipWhite1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipWhite1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipWhite2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipWhite2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipWhite3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipWhite3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipWhite4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipWhite4.png
texture:id=agricraft/crops,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/crops.png
texture:id=agricraft/peripheralBottom,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/peripheralBottom.png
texture:id=agricraft/peripheralInner,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/peripheralInner.png
texture:id=agricraft/peripheralSide,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/peripheralSide.png
texture:id=agricraft/peripheralTop,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/peripheralTop.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt_podzol_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt_podzol_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt_podzol_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png



# %crops:* (crops), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderCrop(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockCrop
block:id=%crops,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:agricraft/crops

# %seedAnalyzer:* (seedAnalyzer), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockSeedAnalyzer
block:id=%seedAnalyzer,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %waterPad:* (waterPad), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderWaterPad(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockWaterPad
block:id=%waterPad,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt
block:id=%waterPad,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_side
block:id=%waterPad,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt

# %waterPadFull:* (waterPadFull), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderWaterPad(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockWaterPadFull
block:id=%waterPadFull,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt
block:id=%waterPadFull,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_side
block:id=%waterPadFull,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt

# %waterTank:* (waterTank), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderTank(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockWaterTank
block:id=%waterTank,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %waterChannel:* (waterChannel), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderChannel(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockWaterChannel
block:id=%waterChannel,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak
block:id=%waterChannel,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %waterChannelFull:* (waterChannelFull), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderChannelFull(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockWaterChannelFull
block:id=%waterChannelFull,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak
block:id=%waterChannelFull,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %channelValve:* (channelValve), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderValve(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockChannelValve
block:id=%channelValve,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak
block:id=%channelValve,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %sprinkler:* (sprinkler), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockSprinkler
block:id=%sprinkler,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %seedStorage:* (seedStorage), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderSeedStorage(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockSeedStorage
block:id=%seedStorage,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %peripheral:* (peripheral), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderPeripheral(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockPeripheral
block:id=%peripheral,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:agricraft/peripheralTop,face1=0:agricraft/peripheralSide,face2=0:agricraft/peripheralBottom,face3-5=0:agricraft/peripheralInner

# %fence:* (fence), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderBlockFence(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockFence
block:id=%fence,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %fenceGate:* (fenceGate), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderBlockFenceGate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockFenceGate
block:id=%fenceGate,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %grate:* (grate), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderBlockGrate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockGrate
block:id=%grate,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %cropPotato:* (cropPotato), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropPotato,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato1
block:id=%cropPotato,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato2
block:id=%cropPotato,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato3
block:id=%cropPotato,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato4
block:id=%cropPotato,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato2
block:id=%cropPotato,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato3
block:id=%cropPotato,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato4

# %cropCarrot:* (cropCarrot), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot1
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot2
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot3
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot4
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot2
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot3
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot4

# %cropSugarcane:* (cropSugarcane), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane1
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane2
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane3
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane4
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane2
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane3
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane4

# %cropDandelion:* (cropDandelion), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion1
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion2
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion3
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion4
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion2
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion3
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion4

# %cropPoppy:* (cropPoppy), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy1
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy2
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy3
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy4
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy2
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy3
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy4

# %cropOrchid:* (cropOrchid), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid1
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid2
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid3
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid4
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid2
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid3
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid4

# %cropAllium:* (cropAllium), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropAllium,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium1
block:id=%cropAllium,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium2
block:id=%cropAllium,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium3
block:id=%cropAllium,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium4
block:id=%cropAllium,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium2
block:id=%cropAllium,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium3
block:id=%cropAllium,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium4

# %cropTulipRed:* (cropTulipRed), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed1
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed2
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed3
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed4
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed2
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed3
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed4

# %cropTulipOrange:* (cropTulipOrange), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange1
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange2
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange3
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange4
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange2
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange3
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange4

# %cropTulipWhite:* (cropTulipWhite), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite1
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite2
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite3
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite4
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite2
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite3
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite4

# %cropTulipPink:* (cropTulipPink), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink1
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink2
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink3
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink4
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink2
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink3
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink4

# %cropDaisy:* (cropDaisy), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy1
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy2
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy3
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy4
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy2
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy3
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy4

# %cropCactus:* (cropCactus), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropCactus,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus1
block:id=%cropCactus,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus2
block:id=%cropCactus,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus3
block:id=%cropCactus,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus4
block:id=%cropCactus,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus2
block:id=%cropCactus,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus3
block:id=%cropCactus,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus4

# %cropShroomRed:* (cropShroomRed), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed1
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed2
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed3
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed4
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed2
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed3
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed4

# %cropShroomBrown:* (cropShroomBrown), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown1
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown2
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown3
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown4
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown2
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown3
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown4

# %cropAurigold:* (cropAurigold), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropAurigold,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAurigold1
block:id=%cropAurigold,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAurigold2
block:id=%cropAurigold,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAurigold3
block:id=%cropAurigold,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAurigold4
block:id=%cropAurigold,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAurigold2
block:id=%cropAurigold,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAurigold3
block:id=%cropAurigold,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAurigold4

# %cropFerranium:* (cropFerranium), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropFerranium,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropFerranium1
block:id=%cropFerranium,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropFerranium2
block:id=%cropFerranium,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropFerranium3
block:id=%cropFerranium,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropFerranium4
block:id=%cropFerranium,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropFerranium2
block:id=%cropFerranium,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropFerranium3
block:id=%cropFerranium,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropFerranium4

# %cropDiamahlia:* (cropDiamahlia), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropDiamahlia,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDiamahlia1
block:id=%cropDiamahlia,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDiamahlia2
block:id=%cropDiamahlia,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDiamahlia3
block:id=%cropDiamahlia,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDiamahlia4
block:id=%cropDiamahlia,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDiamahlia2
block:id=%cropDiamahlia,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDiamahlia3
block:id=%cropDiamahlia,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDiamahlia4

# %cropLapender:* (cropLapender), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropLapender,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropLapender1
block:id=%cropLapender,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropLapender2
block:id=%cropLapender,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropLapender3
block:id=%cropLapender,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropLapender4
block:id=%cropLapender,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropLapender2
block:id=%cropLapender,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropLapender3
block:id=%cropLapender,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropLapender4

# %cropEmeryllis:* (cropEmeryllis), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropEmeryllis,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropEmeryllis1
block:id=%cropEmeryllis,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropEmeryllis2
block:id=%cropEmeryllis,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropEmeryllis3
block:id=%cropEmeryllis,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropEmeryllis4
block:id=%cropEmeryllis,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropEmeryllis2
block:id=%cropEmeryllis,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropEmeryllis3
block:id=%cropEmeryllis,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropEmeryllis4

# %cropRedstodendron:* (cropRedstodendron), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropRedstodendron,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropRedstodendron1
block:id=%cropRedstodendron,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropRedstodendron2
block:id=%cropRedstodendron,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropRedstodendron3
block:id=%cropRedstodendron,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropRedstodendron4
block:id=%cropRedstodendron,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropRedstodendron2
block:id=%cropRedstodendron,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropRedstodendron3
block:id=%cropRedstodendron,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropRedstodendron4

# %cropNitorWart:* (cropNitorWart), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropNitorWart,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNitorWart1
block:id=%cropNitorWart,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNitorWart2
block:id=%cropNitorWart,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNitorWart3
block:id=%cropNitorWart,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNitorWart4
block:id=%cropNitorWart,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNitorWart2
block:id=%cropNitorWart,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNitorWart3
block:id=%cropNitorWart,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNitorWart4

# %cropQuartzanthemum:* (cropQuartzanthemum), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropQuartzanthemum,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum1
block:id=%cropQuartzanthemum,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum2
block:id=%cropQuartzanthemum,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum3
block:id=%cropQuartzanthemum,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum4
block:id=%cropQuartzanthemum,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum2
block:id=%cropQuartzanthemum,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum3
block:id=%cropQuartzanthemum,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropQuartzanthemum4

# %cropCuprosia:* (cropCuprosia), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropCuprosia,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCuprosia1
block:id=%cropCuprosia,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCuprosia2
block:id=%cropCuprosia,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCuprosia3
block:id=%cropCuprosia,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCuprosia4
block:id=%cropCuprosia,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCuprosia2
block:id=%cropCuprosia,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCuprosia3
block:id=%cropCuprosia,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCuprosia4

# %cropPetinia:* (cropPetinia), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropPetinia,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPetinia1
block:id=%cropPetinia,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPetinia2
block:id=%cropPetinia,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPetinia3
block:id=%cropPetinia,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPetinia4
block:id=%cropPetinia,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPetinia2
block:id=%cropPetinia,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPetinia3
block:id=%cropPetinia,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPetinia4

# %cropPlombean:* (cropPlombean), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropPlombean,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlombean1
block:id=%cropPlombean,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlombean2
block:id=%cropPlombean,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlombean3
block:id=%cropPlombean,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlombean4
block:id=%cropPlombean,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlombean2
block:id=%cropPlombean,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlombean3
block:id=%cropPlombean,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlombean4

# %cropSilverweed:* (cropSilverweed), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropSilverweed,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSilverweed1
block:id=%cropSilverweed,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSilverweed2
block:id=%cropSilverweed,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSilverweed3
block:id=%cropSilverweed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSilverweed4
block:id=%cropSilverweed,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSilverweed2
block:id=%cropSilverweed,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSilverweed3
block:id=%cropSilverweed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSilverweed4

# %cropJaslumine:* (cropJaslumine), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropJaslumine,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropJaslumine1
block:id=%cropJaslumine,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropJaslumine2
block:id=%cropJaslumine,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropJaslumine3
block:id=%cropJaslumine,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropJaslumine4
block:id=%cropJaslumine,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropJaslumine2
block:id=%cropJaslumine,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropJaslumine3
block:id=%cropJaslumine,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropJaslumine4

# %cropNiccissus:* (cropNiccissus), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropNiccissus,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNiccissus1
block:id=%cropNiccissus,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNiccissus2
block:id=%cropNiccissus,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNiccissus3
block:id=%cropNiccissus,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNiccissus4
block:id=%cropNiccissus,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNiccissus2
block:id=%cropNiccissus,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNiccissus3
block:id=%cropNiccissus,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropNiccissus4

# %cropPlatiolus:* (cropPlatiolus), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropPlatiolus,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlatiolus1
block:id=%cropPlatiolus,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlatiolus2
block:id=%cropPlatiolus,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlatiolus3
block:id=%cropPlatiolus,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlatiolus4
block:id=%cropPlatiolus,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlatiolus2
block:id=%cropPlatiolus,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlatiolus3
block:id=%cropPlatiolus,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPlatiolus4

# %cropOsmonium:* (cropOsmonium), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropOsmonium,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOsmonium1
block:id=%cropOsmonium,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOsmonium2
block:id=%cropOsmonium,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOsmonium3
block:id=%cropOsmonium,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOsmonium4
block:id=%cropOsmonium,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOsmonium2
block:id=%cropOsmonium,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOsmonium3
block:id=%cropOsmonium,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOsmonium4

# %cropBotaniaWhite:* (cropBotaniaWhite), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaWhite,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite1
block:id=%cropBotaniaWhite,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite2
block:id=%cropBotaniaWhite,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite3
block:id=%cropBotaniaWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite4
block:id=%cropBotaniaWhite,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite2
block:id=%cropBotaniaWhite,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite3
block:id=%cropBotaniaWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaWhite4

# %cropBotaniaOrange:* (cropBotaniaOrange), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaOrange,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange1
block:id=%cropBotaniaOrange,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange2
block:id=%cropBotaniaOrange,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange3
block:id=%cropBotaniaOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange4
block:id=%cropBotaniaOrange,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange2
block:id=%cropBotaniaOrange,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange3
block:id=%cropBotaniaOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaOrange4

# %cropBotaniaMagenta:* (cropBotaniaMagenta), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaMagenta,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta1
block:id=%cropBotaniaMagenta,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta2
block:id=%cropBotaniaMagenta,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta3
block:id=%cropBotaniaMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta4
block:id=%cropBotaniaMagenta,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta2
block:id=%cropBotaniaMagenta,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta3
block:id=%cropBotaniaMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaMagenta4

# %cropBotaniaLightBlue:* (cropBotaniaLightBlue), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightBlue,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue1
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightBlue,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue2
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightBlue,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue3
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue4
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightBlue,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue2
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightBlue,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue3
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightBlue4

# %cropBotaniaYellow:* (cropBotaniaYellow), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaYellow,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow1
block:id=%cropBotaniaYellow,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow2
block:id=%cropBotaniaYellow,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow3
block:id=%cropBotaniaYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow4
block:id=%cropBotaniaYellow,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow2
block:id=%cropBotaniaYellow,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow3
block:id=%cropBotaniaYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaYellow4

# %cropBotaniaLime:* (cropBotaniaLime), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaLime,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLime1
block:id=%cropBotaniaLime,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLime2
block:id=%cropBotaniaLime,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLime3
block:id=%cropBotaniaLime,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLime4
block:id=%cropBotaniaLime,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLime2
block:id=%cropBotaniaLime,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLime3
block:id=%cropBotaniaLime,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLime4

# %cropBotaniaPink:* (cropBotaniaPink), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaPink,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPink1
block:id=%cropBotaniaPink,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPink2
block:id=%cropBotaniaPink,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPink3
block:id=%cropBotaniaPink,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPink4
block:id=%cropBotaniaPink,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPink2
block:id=%cropBotaniaPink,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPink3
block:id=%cropBotaniaPink,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPink4

# %cropBotaniaGray:* (cropBotaniaGray), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaGray,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGray1
block:id=%cropBotaniaGray,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGray2
block:id=%cropBotaniaGray,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGray3
block:id=%cropBotaniaGray,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGray4
block:id=%cropBotaniaGray,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGray2
block:id=%cropBotaniaGray,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGray3
block:id=%cropBotaniaGray,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGray4

# %cropBotaniaLightGray:* (cropBotaniaLightGray), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightGray,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray1
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightGray,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray2
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightGray,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray3
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray4
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightGray,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray2
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightGray,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray3
block:id=%cropBotaniaLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaLightGray4

# %cropBotaniaCyan:* (cropBotaniaCyan), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaCyan,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan1
block:id=%cropBotaniaCyan,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan2
block:id=%cropBotaniaCyan,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan3
block:id=%cropBotaniaCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan4
block:id=%cropBotaniaCyan,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan2
block:id=%cropBotaniaCyan,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan3
block:id=%cropBotaniaCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaCyan4

# %cropBotaniaPurple:* (cropBotaniaPurple), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaPurple,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple1
block:id=%cropBotaniaPurple,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple2
block:id=%cropBotaniaPurple,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple3
block:id=%cropBotaniaPurple,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple4
block:id=%cropBotaniaPurple,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple2
block:id=%cropBotaniaPurple,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple3
block:id=%cropBotaniaPurple,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaPurple4

# %cropBotaniaBlue:* (cropBotaniaBlue), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlue,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue1
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlue,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue2
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlue,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue3
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue4
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlue,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue2
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlue,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue3
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlue4

# %cropBotaniaBrown:* (cropBotaniaBrown), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaBrown,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown1
block:id=%cropBotaniaBrown,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown2
block:id=%cropBotaniaBrown,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown3
block:id=%cropBotaniaBrown,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown4
block:id=%cropBotaniaBrown,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown2
block:id=%cropBotaniaBrown,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown3
block:id=%cropBotaniaBrown,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBrown4

# %cropBotaniaGreen:* (cropBotaniaGreen), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaGreen,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen1
block:id=%cropBotaniaGreen,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen2
block:id=%cropBotaniaGreen,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen3
block:id=%cropBotaniaGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen4
block:id=%cropBotaniaGreen,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen2
block:id=%cropBotaniaGreen,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen3
block:id=%cropBotaniaGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaGreen4

# %cropBotaniaRed:* (cropBotaniaRed), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaRed,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaRed1
block:id=%cropBotaniaRed,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaRed2
block:id=%cropBotaniaRed,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaRed3
block:id=%cropBotaniaRed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaRed4
block:id=%cropBotaniaRed,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaRed2
block:id=%cropBotaniaRed,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaRed3
block:id=%cropBotaniaRed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaRed4

# %cropBotaniaBlack:* (cropBotaniaBlack), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.compatibility.botania.BlockModPlantBotania
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlack,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack1
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlack,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack2
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlack,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack3
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack4
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlack,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack2
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlack,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack3
block:id=%cropBotaniaBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropBotaniaBlack4
