# cfm 3.4.7
version:1.7
modname:cfm


cfgfile:config/cfm.cfg


texturepath:assets/cfm/textures/blocks/
texture:id=cfm/hey,filename=assets/cfm/textures/blocks/hey.png
texture:id=cfm/nyan,filename=assets/cfm/textures/blocks/nyan.png
texture:id=cfm/pattern,filename=assets/cfm/textures/blocks/pattern.png
texture:id=cfm/whiteglass,filename=assets/cfm/textures/blocks/whiteglass.png
texture:id=cfm/yellowglow,filename=assets/cfm/textures/blocks/yellowglow.png
texture:id=minecraft/anvil_base,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/anvil_base.png
texture:id=minecraft/cobblestone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cobblestone.png
texture:id=minecraft/glass,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/glass.png
texture:id=minecraft/glass_white,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/glass_white.png
texture:id=minecraft/gold_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/gold_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/hardened_clay,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/hardened_clay.png
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_birch,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_birch.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_jungle,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_jungle.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_spruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_spruce.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_birch,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_birch.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_white,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_white.png



# %lampon:* (lampon), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockLampOn
block:id=%lampon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_white

# %lampoff:* (lampoff), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockLampOff
block:id=%lampoff,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_white

# %coffetablewood:* (coffetablewood), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCoffeeTable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCoffeeTable
block:id=%coffetablewood,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %coffetablestone:* (coffetablestone), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCoffeeTable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCoffeeTable
block:id=%coffetablestone,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/cobblestone

# %tablewood:* (tablewood), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderTable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTable
block:id=%tablewood,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/planks_oak

# %tablestone:* (tablestone), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderTable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTable
block:id=%tablestone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/cobblestone

# %chairwood:* (chairwood), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderChair(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockChair
block:id=%chairwood,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/planks_oak

# %chairstone:* (chairstone), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderChair(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockChair
block:id=%chairstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/cobblestone

# %freezer:* (freezer), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderFridge(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockFreezer
block:id=%freezer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %fridge:* (fridge), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderFridge(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockFridge
block:id=%fridge,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %cabinet:* (cabinet), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCabinet(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCabinet
block:id=%cabinet,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/planks_birch

# %couch:* (couch), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCouch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCouch
block:id=%couch,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/wool_colored_white

# %blindon:* (blindon), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderWindowDecoration(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockWindowDecoration
block:id=%blindon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %blindoff:* (blindoff), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderWindowDecoration(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockWindowDecorationClosed
block:id=%blindoff,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %curtainon:* (curtainon), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderWindowDecoration(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockWindowDecoration
block:id=%curtainon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %curtainoff:* (curtainoff), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderWindowDecoration(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockWindowDecorationClosed
block:id=%curtainoff,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %bedsidecabinet:* (bedsidecabinet), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderBedsideCabinet(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockBedsideCabinet
block:id=%bedsidecabinet,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/planks_oak

# %oven:* (oven), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderOven(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockOven
block:id=%oven,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %ovenoverhead:* (ovenoverhead), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderOvenOverhead(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockOvenOverhead
block:id=%ovenoverhead,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %hedge:* (hedge), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderHedge(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockHedge
block:id=%hedge,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%hedge,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=13000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%hedge,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%hedge,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_jungle
block:id=%hedge,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%hedge,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=13000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%hedge,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%hedge,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_jungle
block:id=%hedge,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%hedge,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=13000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%hedge,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%hedge,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_jungle
block:id=%hedge,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%hedge,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=13000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%hedge,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%hedge,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_jungle

# %birdbath:* (birdbath), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderBirdBath(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockBirdBath
block:id=%birdbath,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %stonepath:* (stonepath), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderStonePath(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockStonePath
block:id=%stonepath,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %whitefence:* (whitefence), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderWhiteFence(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockWhiteFence
block:id=%whitefence,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_white

# %tap:* (tap), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderTap(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTap
block:id=%tap,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %mailbox:* (mailbox), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderMailBox(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockMailBox
block:id=%mailbox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/log_oak

# %tv:* (tv), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderTV(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTV
block:id=%tv,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %computer:* (computer), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderComputer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockComputer
block:id=%computer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %printer:* (printer), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderPrinter(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockPrinter
block:id=%printer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %electricfence:* (electricfence), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderElectricFence(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockElectricFence
block:id=%electricfence,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/anvil_base

# %doorbell:* (doorbell), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderDoorBell(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockDoorBell
block:id=%doorbell,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/log_oak

# %firealarmoff:* (firealarmoff), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderFireAlarm(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockFireAlarm
block:id=%firealarmoff,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top

# %firealarmon:* (firealarmon), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderFireAlarm(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockFireAlarm
block:id=%firealarmon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top

# %ceilinglightoff:* (ceilinglightoff), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCeilingLight(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCeilingLight
block:id=%ceilinglightoff,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/glass

# %ceilinglighton:* (ceilinglighton), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCeilingLight(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCeilingLight
block:id=%ceilinglighton,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/glass

# %stereo:* (stereo), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderStereo(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockStereo
block:id=%stereo,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/planks_oak

# %toilet:* (toilet), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderToilet(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockToilet
block:id=%toilet,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top

# %basin:* (basin), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderBasin(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockBasin
block:id=%basin,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom

# %wallcabinet:* (wallcabinet), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderWallCabinet(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockWallCabinet
block:id=%wallcabinet,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom

# %bath1:* (bath1), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderBath(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockBath
block:id=%bath1,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom

# %bath2:* (bath2), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderBath(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockBath
block:id=%bath2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom

# %showerbottom:* (showerbottom), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderShower(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockShower
block:id=%showerbottom,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom

# %showertop:* (showertop), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderShower(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockShower
block:id=%showertop,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom

# %showerheadoff:* (showerheadoff), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderShowerHead(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockShowerHead
block:id=%showerheadoff,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %showerheadon:* (showerheadon), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderShowerHead(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockShowerHead
block:id=%showerheadon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %bin:* (bin), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderBin(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockBin
block:id=%bin,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %present:* (present), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderPresent(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockPresent
block:id=%present,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block

# %tree:* (tree), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderTree(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTree
block:id=%tree,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/hardened_clay

# %toaster:* (toaster), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderToaster(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockToaster
block:id=%toaster,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %microwave:* (microwave), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderMicrowave(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockMicrowave
block:id=%microwave,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %washingmachine:* (washingmachine), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderWashingMachine(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockWashingMachine
block:id=%washingmachine,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom

# %cookiejar:* (cookiejar), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCookieJar(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCookieJar
block:id=%cookiejar,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/glass_white

# %blender:* (blender), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderBlender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockBlender
block:id=%blender,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/glass_white

# %plate:* (plate), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderPlate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockPlate
block:id=%plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom

# %cup:* (cup), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCup(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCup
block:id=%cup,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/glass_white

# %counterdoored:* (counterdoored), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCounter(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCounter
block:id=%counterdoored,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %countersink:* (countersink), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCounterSink(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCounterSink
block:id=%countersink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %dishwasher:* (dishwasher), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderDishWasher(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockDishwasher
block:id=%dishwasher,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %kitchencabinet:* (kitchencabinet), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderCabinetKitchen(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockCabinetKitchen
block:id=%kitchencabinet,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block

# %choppingboard:* (choppingboard), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderChoppingBoard(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockChoppingBoard
block:id=%choppingboard,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %barstool:* (barstool), render=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.client.render.RenderBarStool(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockBarStool
block:id=%barstool,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom

# %hey:* (hey), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTVAnimation
block:id=%hey,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:cfm/hey

# %nyan:* (nyan), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTVAnimation
block:id=%nyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:cfm/nyan

# %pattern:* (pattern), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTVAnimation
block:id=%pattern,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:cfm/pattern

# %yellowGlow:* (yellowGlow), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTVAnimation
block:id=%yellowGlow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:cfm/yellowglow

# %whiteGlass:* (whiteGlass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.mrcrayfish.furniture.blocks.BlockTVAnimation
block:id=%whiteGlass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:cfm/whiteglass
