# ExtraTiC 1.4.6
version:1.7
modname:ExtraTiC


cfgfile:config/ExtraTiC.cfg


texturepath:assets/extratic/textures/blocks/
texture:id=extratic/fairy_block,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/fairy_block.png
texture:id=extratic/liquid_silicon_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/liquid_silicon_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/liquid_silicon_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/liquid_silicon_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_adamantine_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_adamantine_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_adamantine_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_adamantine_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_bedrockium_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_bedrockium_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_bedrockium_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_bedrockium_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_blutonium_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_blutonium_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_blutonium_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_blutonium_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_brass_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_brass_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_brass_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_brass_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_conductive_iron_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_conductive_iron_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_conductive_iron_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_conductive_iron_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_constantan_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_constantan_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_constantan_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_constantan_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_darksteel_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_darksteel_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_darksteel_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_darksteel_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_desh_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_desh_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_desh_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_desh_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_electrical_steel_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_electrical_steel_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_electrical_steel_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_electrical_steel_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_elementium_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_elementium_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_elementium_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_elementium_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_energetic_alloy_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_energetic_alloy_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_energetic_alloy_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_energetic_alloy_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_fairy_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_fairy_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_fairy_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_fairy_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_ludicrite_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_ludicrite_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_ludicrite_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_ludicrite_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_manasteel_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_manasteel_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_manasteel_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_manasteel_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_osmium_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_osmium_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_osmium_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_osmium_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_phased_gold_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_phased_gold_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_phased_gold_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_phased_gold_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_phased_iron_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_phased_iron_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_phased_iron_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_phased_iron_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_pokefennium_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_pokefennium_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_pokefennium_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_pokefennium_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_red_aurum_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_red_aurum_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_red_aurum_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_red_aurum_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_redstone_alloy_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_redstone_alloy_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_redstone_alloy_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_redstone_alloy_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_refined_glowstone_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_refined_glowstone_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_refined_glowstone_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_refined_glowstone_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_soularium_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_soularium_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_soularium_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_soularium_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_terrasteel_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_terrasteel_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_terrasteel_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_terrasteel_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_witheriron_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_witheriron_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_witheriron_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_witheriron_still.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_zinc_flow,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_zinc_flow.png
texture:id=extratic/molten_zinc_still,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/molten_zinc_still.png
texture:id=extratic/pokefennium_block,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/pokefennium_block.png
texture:id=extratic/red_aurum_block,filename=assets/extratic/textures/blocks/red_aurum_block.png



# %moltenRefinedGlowstone:* (moltenRefinedGlowstone), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenRefinedGlowstone,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_refined_glowstone_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_refined_glowstone_flow

# %moltenOsmium:* (moltenOsmium), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenOsmium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_osmium_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_osmium_flow

# %moltenPokefennium:* (moltenPokefennium), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenPokefennium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_pokefennium_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_pokefennium_flow

# %moltenFairy:* (moltenFairy), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenFairy,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_fairy_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_fairy_flow

# %moltenRedAurum:* (moltenRedAurum), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenRedAurum,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_red_aurum_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_red_aurum_flow

# %moltenDesh:* (moltenDesh), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenDesh,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_desh_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_desh_flow

# %moltenDarkSteel:* (moltenDarkSteel), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenDarkSteel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_darksteel_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_darksteel_flow

# %moltenZinc:* (moltenZinc), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenZinc,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_zinc_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_zinc_flow

# %moltenBrass:* (moltenBrass), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenBrass,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_brass_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_brass_flow

# %moltenAdamantine.:* (moltenAdamantine.), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenAdamantine.,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_adamantine_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_adamantine_flow

# %moltenConductiveIron:* (moltenConductiveIron), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenConductiveIron,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_conductive_iron_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_conductive_iron_flow

# %moltenElectricalSteel:* (moltenElectricalSteel), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenElectricalSteel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_electrical_steel_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_electrical_steel_flow

# %moltenEnergeticAlloy:* (moltenEnergeticAlloy), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenEnergeticAlloy,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_energetic_alloy_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_energetic_alloy_flow

# %moltenPhasedGold:* (moltenPhasedGold), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenPhasedGold,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_phased_gold_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_phased_gold_flow

# %moltenPhasedIron:* (moltenPhasedIron), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenPhasedIron,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_phased_iron_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_phased_iron_flow

# %moltenRedstoneAlloy:* (moltenRedstoneAlloy), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenRedstoneAlloy,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_redstone_alloy_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_redstone_alloy_flow

# %liquidSilicon:* (liquidSilicon), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%liquidSilicon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/liquid_silicon_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/liquid_silicon_flow

# %moltenSoularium:* (moltenSoularium), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenSoularium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_soularium_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_soularium_flow

# %moltenManasteel:* (moltenManasteel), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenManasteel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_manasteel_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_manasteel_flow

# %moltenTerrasteel:* (moltenTerrasteel), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenTerrasteel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_terrasteel_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_terrasteel_flow

# %moltenElementium:* (moltenElementium), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenElementium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_elementium_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_elementium_flow

# %moltenblutonium:* (moltenblutonium), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenblutonium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_blutonium_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_blutonium_flow

# %moltenLudicrite:* (moltenLudicrite), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenLudicrite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_ludicrite_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_ludicrite_flow

# %moltenBedrockium:* (moltenBedrockium), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenBedrockium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_bedrockium_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_bedrockium_flow

# %moltenWitheriron:* (moltenWitheriron), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenWitheriron,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_witheriron_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_witheriron_flow

# %moltenConstantan:* (moltenConstantan), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.MoltenMetalBlock
block:id=%moltenConstantan,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:extratic/molten_constantan_still,face2-5=12000:extratic/molten_constantan_flow

# %blockFunStuff:* (blockFunStuff), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=glassmaker.extratic.metals.SolidMetalBlock
block:id=%blockFunStuff,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratic/fairy_block
block:id=%blockFunStuff,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratic/pokefennium_block
block:id=%blockFunStuff,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratic/red_aurum_block
