# MineFactoryReloaded 1.7.10R2.8.1
version:1.7
modname:MineFactoryReloaded


cfgfile:config/powercrystals/minefactoryreloaded/common.cfg


texturepath:assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/dirt,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt_podzol_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt_podzol_side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.biofuel.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.biofuel.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.biofuel.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.biofuel.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.chocolatemilk.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.chocolatemilk.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.chocolatemilk.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.chocolatemilk.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.meat.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.meat.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.meat.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.meat.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.milk.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.milk.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.milk.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.milk.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.mobessence.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.mobessence.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.mobessence.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.mobessence.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.mushroomsoup.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.mushroomsoup.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.mushroomsoup.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.mushroomsoup.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.pinkslime.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.pinkslime.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.pinkslime.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.pinkslime.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.sewage.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.sewage.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.sewage.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.sewage.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.sludge.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.sludge.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.sludge.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.sludge.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.steam.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.steam.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.steam.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.steam.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.active.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.active.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chunkloader.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chunkloader.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chunkloader.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chunkloader.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.composter.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.composter.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fountain.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fountain.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fountain.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fountain.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.planter.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.planter.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.steamboiler.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.steamboiler.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.vet.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.vet.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.tank.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.tank.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.tank.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.tank.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.tank.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/machines/tile.mfr.tank.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.cable.plastic,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.cable.plastic.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.cable.redstone,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.cable.redstone.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.base.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.brick_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.brick_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.glowstone,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.glowstone.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.glowstone_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.glowstone_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.ice,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.ice.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.ice_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.ice_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.lapis,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.lapis.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.lapis_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.lapis_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.meat.cooked,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.meat.cooked.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.meat.raw,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.meat.raw.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.obsidian,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.obsidian.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.obsidian_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.obsidian_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.pavedstone,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.pavedstone.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.pavedstone_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.pavedstone_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.snow,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.snow.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.snow_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.snow_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.sugar_charcoal,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.sugar_charcoal.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.brick.large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.brick.large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.brick.small,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.brick.small.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.cobble,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.cobble.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.gravel,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.gravel.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.paved,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.paved.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.smooth,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.smooth.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.brick.large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.brick.large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.brick.small,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.brick.small.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.cobble,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.cobble.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.gravel,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.gravel.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.paved,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.paved.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.smooth,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.smooth.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.detcord,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.detcord.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.farmland,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.farmland.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machineblock.prc,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machineblock.prc.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.pinkslime.block,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.pinkslime.block.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.plastic,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.plastic.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rednet.logic,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rednet.logic.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rednet.panel,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rednet.panel.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.road.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.off,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.road.light.off.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.on,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.road.light.on.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.dry.transparent,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.dry.transparent.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.stainedglass.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.top.png



# %conveyor:* (conveyor), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.block.ConveyorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.transport.BlockConveyor
block:id=%conveyor,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=F0F0F0,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=E36600,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=C730A5,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=8DA7F6,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=D8B920,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=49C14A,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=D881A4,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=505050,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=A3A3A3,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=54A69B,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=803880,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=404080,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=804020,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=47691D,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=B62222,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base
block:id=%conveyor,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=1E1E1E,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.base

# %machineblock:* (machineblock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.decor.BlockFactoryDecoration
block:id=%machineblock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.active.side
block:id=%machineblock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machineblock.prc

# %machine.0:* (machine.0), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryMachine
block:id=%machine.0,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.planter.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.left
block:id=%machine.0,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.front,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.left
block:id=%machine.0,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.vet.side,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.front,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.vet.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.left
block:id=%machine.0,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2-3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.side,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.left
block:id=%machine.0,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.composter.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.side,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.front,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.left
block:id=%machine.0,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.side
block:id=%machine.0,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.front,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.side

# %machine.1:* (machine.1), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryMachine
block:id=%machine.1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.left
block:id=%machine.1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.left
block:id=%machine.1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.left
block:id=%machine.1,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.steamboiler.idle.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.side,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.front,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.side
block:id=%machine.1,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.left

# %machine.2:* (machine.2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryMachine
block:id=%machine.2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.side,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.front,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.front,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.front,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.left
block:id=%machine.2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.side,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.front,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chunkloader.idle.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.chunkloader.idle.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fountain.idle.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.fountain.side
block:id=%machine.2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.0.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.idle.back,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.idle.front,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.right,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.machine.mobrouter.left

# %tank:* (tank), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.block.BlockTankRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockTank
block:id=%tank,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=12000:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.tank.bottom,face1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.tank.top,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/machines/tile.mfr.tank.side

# %cable.plastic:* (cable.plastic), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.block.PlasticPipeRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.transport.BlockPlasticPipe
block:id=%cable.plastic,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.cable.plastic

# %cable.redstone:* (cable.redstone), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.block.RedNetCableRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.transport.BlockRedNetCable
block:id=%cable.redstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.cable.redstone

# %rednet.logic:* (rednet.logic), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.block.RedNetLogicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRedNetLogic
block:id=%rednet.logic,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rednet.logic

# %rednet.panel:* (rednet.panel), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.tileentity.RedNetHistorianRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRedNetPanel
block:id=%rednet.panel,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rednet.panel

# %rail.cargo.pickup:* (rail.cargo.pickup), render=(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.transport.BlockRailCargoPickup
block:id=%rail.cargo.pickup,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup

# %rail.cargo.dropoff:* (rail.cargo.dropoff), render=(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.transport.BlockRailCargoDropoff
block:id=%rail.cargo.dropoff,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff

# %rail.passenger.pickup:* (rail.passenger.pickup), render=(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.transport.BlockRailPassengerPickup
block:id=%rail.passenger.pickup,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup

# %rail.passenger.dropoff:* (rail.passenger.dropoff), render=(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.transport.BlockRailPassengerDropoff
block:id=%rail.passenger.dropoff,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff

# %rubberwood.sapling:* (rubberwood.sapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRubberSapling
block:id=%rubberwood.sapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling

# %rubberwood.log:* (rubberwood.log), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRubberWood
block:id=%rubberwood.log,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side
block:id=%rubberwood.log,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side,face2-3=4000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top
block:id=%rubberwood.log,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side,face2-3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top,face4-5=4000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side
block:id=%rubberwood.log,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side

# %rubberwood.leaves:* (rubberwood.leaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRubberLeaves
block:id=%rubberwood.leaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=%rubberwood.leaves,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.dry.transparent
block:id=%rubberwood.leaves,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=%rubberwood.leaves,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.dry.transparent
block:id=%rubberwood.leaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=%rubberwood.leaves,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.dry.transparent
block:id=%rubberwood.leaves,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=%rubberwood.leaves,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.dry.transparent

# %stainedglass.block:* (stainedglass.block), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.block.FactoryGlassRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.decor.BlockFactoryGlass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=F0F0F0,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=E36600,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=C730A5,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=8DA7F6,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=D8B920,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=49C14A,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=D881A4,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=505050,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=A3A3A3,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=54A69B,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=803880,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=404080,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=804020,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=47691D,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=B62222,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.block,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=1E1E1E,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass

# %stainedglass.pane:* (stainedglass.pane), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.block.FactoryGlassPaneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.decor.BlockFactoryGlassPane
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=F0F0F0,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=E36600,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=C730A5,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=8DA7F6,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=D8B920,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=49C14A,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=D881A4,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=505050,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=A3A3A3,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=54A69B,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=803880,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=404080,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=804020,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=47691D,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=B62222,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=%stainedglass.pane,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=1E1E1E,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass

# %road:* (road), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.transport.BlockFactoryRoad
block:id=%road,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road
block:id=%road,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.off
block:id=%road,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.on
block:id=%road,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.off
block:id=%road,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.on
block:id=%road,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road

# %plastic:* (plastic), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.decor.BlockFactoryPlastic
block:id=%plastic,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.plastic

# %brick:* (brick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.decor.BlockDecorativeBricks
block:id=%brick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.ice
block:id=%brick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.glowstone
block:id=%brick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.lapis
block:id=%brick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.obsidian
block:id=%brick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.pavedstone
block:id=%brick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.snow
block:id=%brick,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.ice_large
block:id=%brick,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.glowstone_large
block:id=%brick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.lapis_large
block:id=%brick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.obsidian_large
block:id=%brick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.pavedstone_large
block:id=%brick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.snow_large
block:id=%brick,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.meat.raw
block:id=%brick,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.meat.cooked
block:id=%brick,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.brick_large
block:id=%brick,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.brick.sugar_charcoal

# %stone:* (stone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.decor.BlockDecorativeStone
block:id=%stone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.smooth
block:id=%stone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.smooth
block:id=%stone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.cobble
block:id=%stone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.cobble
block:id=%stone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.brick.large
block:id=%stone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.brick.large
block:id=%stone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.brick.small
block:id=%stone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.brick.small
block:id=%stone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.gravel
block:id=%stone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.gravel
block:id=%stone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.black.paved
block:id=%stone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorative.stone.white.paved

# %pinkslime.block:* (pinkslime.block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.decor.BlockPinkSlime
block:id=%pinkslime.block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.pinkslime.block

# %vinescaffold:* (vinescaffold), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.block.VineScaffoldRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockVineScaffold
block:id=%vinescaffold,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.top,face2-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.side

# %farmland:* (farmland), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFertileSoil
block:id=%farmland,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.farmland,face2-5=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_side

# %detcord:* (detcord), render=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.render.block.DetCordRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockDetCord
block:id=%detcord,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.detcord

# %milk.still:* (milk.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=%milk.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.milk.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.milk.flowing

# %sludge.still:* (sludge.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=%sludge.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.sludge.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.sludge.flowing

# %sewage.still:* (sewage.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=%sewage.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.sewage.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.sewage.flowing

# %mobessence.still:* (mobessence.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=%mobessence.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.mobessence.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.mobessence.flowing

# %biofuel.still:* (biofuel.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockExplodingFluid
block:id=%biofuel.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.biofuel.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.biofuel.flowing

# %meat.still:* (meat.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=%meat.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.meat.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.meat.flowing

# %pinkslime.still:* (pinkslime.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockPinkSlimeFluid
block:id=%pinkslime.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.pinkslime.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.pinkslime.flowing

# %chocolatemilk.still:* (chocolatemilk.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=%chocolatemilk.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.chocolatemilk.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.chocolatemilk.flowing

# %mushroomsoup.still:* (mushroomsoup.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=%mushroomsoup.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.mushroomsoup.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.mushroomsoup.flowing

# %steam.still:* (steam.still), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.fluid.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=%steam.still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.steam.still,face2-5=12000:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.steam.flowing
