# openmodularturrets 2.2.11-238
version:1.7
modname:openmodularturrets


cfgfile:config/openmodularturrets.cfg


texturepath:assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/
texture:id=openmodularturrets/disposeItemTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/disposeItemTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierFive,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderInvTierFive.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierFour,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderInvTierFour.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierOne,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderInvTierOne.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierThree,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderInvTierThree.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierTwo,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderInvTierTwo.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierFive,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderPowerTierFive.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierFour,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderPowerTierFour.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierOne,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderPowerTierOne.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierThree,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderPowerTierThree.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierTwo,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/expanderPowerTierTwo.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/fenceTierFive,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/fenceTierFive.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/fenceTierFour,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/fenceTierFour.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/fenceTierOne,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/fenceTierOne.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/fenceTierThree,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/fenceTierThree.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/fenceTierTwo,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/fenceTierTwo.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/grenadeTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/grenadeTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/hardWallTierFive,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/hardWallTierFive.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/hardWallTierFour,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/hardWallTierFour.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/hardWallTierOne,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/hardWallTierOne.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/hardWallTierThree,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/hardWallTierThree.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/hardWallTierTwo,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/hardWallTierTwo.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/incendiaryTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/incendiaryTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/laserTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/laserTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/machineGunTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/machineGunTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/potatoCannonTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/potatoCannonTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/railGunTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/railGunTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/relativisticTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/relativisticTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/rocketTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/rocketTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/teleporterTurret,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/teleporterTurret.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierFive,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/turretBaseTierFive.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierFour,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/turretBaseTierFour.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierOne,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/turretBaseTierOne.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierThree,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/turretBaseTierThree.png
texture:id=openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierTwo,filename=assets/openmodularturrets/textures/blocks/turretBaseTierTwo.png



# %baseTierWood:* (baseTierWood), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretbases.BlockTurretBaseTierOne
block:id=%baseTierWood,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierOne

# %baseTierOneBlock:* (baseTierOneBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretbases.BlockTurretBaseTierTwo
block:id=%baseTierOneBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierTwo

# %baseTierTwoBlock:* (baseTierTwoBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretbases.BlockTurretBaseTierThree
block:id=%baseTierTwoBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierThree

# %baseTierThreeBlock:* (baseTierThreeBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretbases.BlockTurretBaseTierFour
block:id=%baseTierThreeBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierFour

# %baseTierFourBlock:* (baseTierFourBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretbases.BlockTurretBaseTierFive
block:id=%baseTierFourBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierFive

# %expanderPowerTierOne:* (expanderPowerTierOne), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderPowerTierOne
block:id=%expanderPowerTierOne,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierOne

# %expanderPowerTierTwo:* (expanderPowerTierTwo), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderPowerTierTwo
block:id=%expanderPowerTierTwo,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierTwo

# %expanderPowerTierThree:* (expanderPowerTierThree), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderPowerTierThree
block:id=%expanderPowerTierThree,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierThree

# %expanderPowerTierFour:* (expanderPowerTierFour), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderPowerTierFour
block:id=%expanderPowerTierFour,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierFour

# %expanderPowerTierFive:* (expanderPowerTierFive), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderPowerTierFive
block:id=%expanderPowerTierFive,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderPowerTierFive

# %expanderInvTierOne:* (expanderInvTierOne), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderInvTierOne
block:id=%expanderInvTierOne,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierOne

# %expanderInvTierTwo:* (expanderInvTierTwo), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderInvTierTwo
block:id=%expanderInvTierTwo,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierTwo

# %expanderInvTierThree:* (expanderInvTierThree), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderInvTierThree
block:id=%expanderInvTierThree,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierThree

# %expanderInvTierFour:* (expanderInvTierFour), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderInvTierFour
block:id=%expanderInvTierFour,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierFour

# %expanderInvTierFive:* (expanderInvTierFive), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.expanders.BlockExpanderInvTierFive
block:id=%expanderInvTierFive,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/expanderInvTierFive

# %hardWallTierOne:* (hardWallTierOne), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockHardWallTierOne
block:id=%hardWallTierOne,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/hardWallTierOne

# %hardWallTierTwo:* (hardWallTierTwo), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockHardWallTierTwo
block:id=%hardWallTierTwo,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/hardWallTierTwo

# %hardWallTierThree:* (hardWallTierThree), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockHardWallTierThree
block:id=%hardWallTierThree,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/hardWallTierThree

# %hardWallTierFour:* (hardWallTierFour), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockHardWallTierFour
block:id=%hardWallTierFour,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/hardWallTierFour

# %hardWallTierFive:* (hardWallTierFive), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockHardWallTierFive
block:id=%hardWallTierFive,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/hardWallTierFive

# %fenceTierOne:* (fenceTierOne), render=(PANE), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockFenceTierOne
block:id=%fenceTierOne,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:openmodularturrets/fenceTierOne

# %fenceTierTwo:* (fenceTierTwo), render=(PANE), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockFenceTierTwo
block:id=%fenceTierTwo,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:openmodularturrets/fenceTierTwo

# %fenceTierThree:* (fenceTierThree), render=(PANE), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockFenceTierThree
block:id=%fenceTierThree,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:openmodularturrets/fenceTierThree

# %fenceTierFour:* (fenceTierFour), render=(PANE), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockFenceTierFour
block:id=%fenceTierFour,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:openmodularturrets/fenceTierFour

# %fenceTierFive:* (fenceTierFive), render=(PANE), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.BlockFenceTierFive
block:id=%fenceTierFive,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:openmodularturrets/fenceTierFive

# %disposeItemTurret:* (disposeItemTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockDisposableTurret
block:id=%disposeItemTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/disposeItemTurret

# %potatoCannonTurret:* (potatoCannonTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockPotatoCannonTurret
block:id=%potatoCannonTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/potatoCannonTurret

# %machineGunTurret:* (machineGunTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockGunTurret
block:id=%machineGunTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/machineGunTurret

# %incendiaryTurret:* (incendiaryTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockIncendiaryTurret
block:id=%incendiaryTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/incendiaryTurret

# %grenadeTurret:* (grenadeTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockGrenadeTurret
block:id=%grenadeTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/grenadeTurret

# %relativisticTurret:* (relativisticTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockRelativisticTurret
block:id=%relativisticTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/relativisticTurret

# %rocketTurret:* (rocketTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockRocketTurret
block:id=%rocketTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/rocketTurret

# %teleporterTurret:* (teleporterTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockTeleporterTurret
block:id=%teleporterTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/teleporterTurret

# %laserTurret:* (laserTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockLaserTurret
block:id=%laserTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/laserTurret

# %railGunTurret:* (railGunTurret), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.turretheads.BlockRailGunTurret
block:id=%railGunTurret,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/railGunTurret

# %leverBlock:* (leverBlock), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openmodularturrets.blocks.misc.LeverBlock
block:id=%leverBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openmodularturrets/turretBaseTierTwo
