# RandomThings 2.2.4
version:1.7
modname:RandomThings


cfgfile:config/RandomThings.cfg


texturepath:assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/
texture:id=RandomThings/advancedFluidDisplay,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/advancedFluidDisplay.png
texture:id=RandomThings/bloodMoonSensor_side,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/bloodMoonSensor_side.png
texture:id=RandomThings/bloodMoonSensor_top,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/bloodMoonSensor_top.png
texture:id=RandomThings/distributorBasic_In,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/distributorBasic_In.png
texture:id=RandomThings/distributorBasic_Out,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/distributorBasic_Out.png
texture:id=RandomThings/distributorEnder,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/distributorEnder.png
texture:id=RandomThings/distributorEnder_In,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/distributorEnder_In.png
texture:id=RandomThings/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_front,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_front.png
texture:id=RandomThings/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_side,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_side.png
texture:id=RandomThings/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_top,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_top.png
texture:id=RandomThings/fertilizedDirt,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/fertilizedDirt.png
texture:id=RandomThings/fluidDisplay,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/fluidDisplay.png
texture:id=RandomThings/imbuingStation/imbuingStationBottom,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/imbuingStation/imbuingStationBottom.png
texture:id=RandomThings/imbuingStation/imbuingStationSide,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/imbuingStation/imbuingStationSide.png
texture:id=RandomThings/imbuingStation/imbuingStationTop,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/imbuingStation/imbuingStationTop.png
texture:id=RandomThings/itemCollector/advancedItemCollector,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/itemCollector/advancedItemCollector.png
texture:id=RandomThings/itemCollector/itemCollector,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/itemCollector/itemCollector.png
texture:id=RandomThings/lapisLamp,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/lapisLamp.png
texture:id=RandomThings/moon_sensor_side,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/moon_sensor_side.png
texture:id=RandomThings/moon_sensor_top,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/moon_sensor_top.png
texture:id=RandomThings/notificationInterface,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/notificationInterface.png
texture:id=RandomThings/onlineDetector/offline,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/onlineDetector/offline.png
texture:id=RandomThings/playerinterface/creative/playerinterface_bottom,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/playerinterface/creative/playerinterface_bottom.png
texture:id=RandomThings/playerinterface/creative/playerinterface_side,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/playerinterface/creative/playerinterface_side.png
texture:id=RandomThings/playerinterface/creative/playerinterface_top,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/playerinterface/creative/playerinterface_top.png
texture:id=RandomThings/playerinterface/playerinterface_bottom,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/playerinterface/playerinterface_bottom.png
texture:id=RandomThings/playerinterface/playerinterface_side,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/playerinterface/playerinterface_side.png
texture:id=RandomThings/playerinterface/playerinterface_top,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/playerinterface/playerinterface_top.png
texture:id=RandomThings/spectreBlock,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/spectreBlock.png
texture:id=RandomThings/spectreGlass,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/spectreGlass.png
texture:id=RandomThings/wirelessLever,filename=assets/randomthings/textures/blocks/wirelessLever.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_spruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_spruce.png



# %playerinterface:* (playerinterface), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockPlayerInterface
block:id=%playerinterface,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:RandomThings/playerinterface/playerinterface_bottom,face1=0:RandomThings/playerinterface/playerinterface_top,face2-5=0:RandomThings/playerinterface/playerinterface_side

# %creativePlayerInterface:* (creativePlayerInterface), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockCreativePlayerInterface
block:id=%creativePlayerInterface,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:RandomThings/playerinterface/creative/playerinterface_bottom,face1=0:RandomThings/playerinterface/creative/playerinterface_top,face2-5=0:RandomThings/playerinterface/creative/playerinterface_side

# %fluidDisplay:* (fluidDisplay), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockFluidDisplay
block:id=%fluidDisplay,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RandomThings/fluidDisplay

# %advancedFluidDisplay:* (advancedFluidDisplay), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockAdvancedFluidDisplay
block:id=%advancedFluidDisplay,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RandomThings/advancedFluidDisplay

# %fertilizedDirt:* (fertilizedDirt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockFertilizedDirt
block:id=%fertilizedDirt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RandomThings/fertilizedDirt

# %fertilizedDirt_tilled:* (fertilizedDirt_tilled), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockFertilizedDirt
block:id=%fertilizedDirt_tilled,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:RandomThings/fertilizedDirt

# %itemCollector:* (itemCollector), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockItemCollector
block:id=%itemCollector,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:RandomThings/itemCollector/itemCollector

# %advancedItemCollector:* (advancedItemCollector), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockAdvancedItemCollector
block:id=%advancedItemCollector,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:RandomThings/itemCollector/advancedItemCollector

# %onlineDetector:* (onlineDetector), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockOnlineDetector
block:id=%onlineDetector,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RandomThings/onlineDetector/offline

# %moonSensor:* (moonSensor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockMoonSensor
block:id=%moonSensor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:RandomThings/moon_sensor_side,face1=0:RandomThings/moon_sensor_top,face2-5=0:RandomThings/moon_sensor_side

# %bloodMoonSensor:* (bloodMoonSensor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockBloodmoonSensor
block:id=%bloodMoonSensor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:RandomThings/bloodMoonSensor_side,face1=0:RandomThings/bloodMoonSensor_top,face2-5=0:RandomThings/bloodMoonSensor_side

# %notificationInterface:* (notificationInterface), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockNotificationInterface
block:id=%notificationInterface,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RandomThings/notificationInterface

# %lapisLamp:* (lapisLamp), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockLapisLamp
block:id=%lapisLamp,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:RandomThings/lapisLamp

# %wirelessLever:* (wirelessLever), render=lumien.randomthings.Client.Renderer.RenderWirelessLever(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockWirelessLever
block:id=%wirelessLever,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:RandomThings/wirelessLever

# %dyeingMachine:* (dyeingMachine), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockDyeingMachine
block:id=%dyeingMachine,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/planks_spruce,face1=0:RandomThings/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_top,face2=0:RandomThings/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_front,face3=0:RandomThings/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_side,face4=0:RandomThings/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_front,face5=0:RandomThings/dyeingMachine/dyeingMachine_side

# %spectreGlass:* (spectreGlass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.Spectre.BlockSpectreGlass
block:id=%spectreGlass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:RandomThings/spectreGlass

# %energyDistributor:* (energyDistributor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.EnergyDistributors.BlockEnergyDistributor
block:id=%energyDistributor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:RandomThings/distributorBasic_In,face3=0:RandomThings/distributorBasic_Out,face4-5=0:RandomThings/distributorBasic_In

# %enderEnergyDistributor:* (enderEnergyDistributor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.EnergyDistributors.BlockEnderEnergyDistributor
block:id=%enderEnergyDistributor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:RandomThings/distributorEnder_In,face1=0:RandomThings/distributorEnder,face2-5=0:RandomThings/distributorEnder_In

# %spectreBlock:* (spectreBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.Spectre.BlockSpectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=1E1B1B,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=B3312C,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=3B511A,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=51301A,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=253192,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7B2FBE,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=287697,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=ABABAB,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=434343,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=D88198,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=41CD34,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=DECF2A,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=6689D3,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=C354CD,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=EB8844,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock
block:id=%spectreBlock,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=F0F0F0,face0-5=17000:RandomThings/spectreBlock

# %imbuingStation:* (imbuingStation), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=lumien.randomthings.Blocks.BlockImbuingStation
block:id=%imbuingStation,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:RandomThings/imbuingStation/imbuingStationBottom,face1=0:RandomThings/imbuingStation/imbuingStationTop,face2-5=0:RandomThings/imbuingStation/imbuingStationSide
